My house is a two-storey house with 2 bedrooms. It's quite spacious for a family of 4. My family haven't had any problems regarding space ever since we started living here. It's surrounded by trees, making it a very refreshing place to live.

My own room is obviously my favourite room in the house. I do all kinds of things there everyday. Well, now that I'm in college, I don't stay in my room as much as in I did back in highschool. But even now, it's still the place where I can really relax in.

My father decided my house's architecture while my uncle sometimes gave him advices since he's an architect. It was so long ago so I don't remember much, but seeing how the house is now, I can say that my father did a good job.

I find that traditional Vietnamese architecture has a very natural feel to it. Buildings were inspired by natural elements, such as mountains and rivers. 

My favourite Vietnamese building is the Temple of Literature. It's the first university in Vietnam, represents Vietnamese's respect for education and literature. I am fascinated by its majestic appearance.

These days, most buildings in Vietnamese cities are either high-rise buldings or tube houses. They give off a modern feel and are the proof that we are developing as a country. However, I find myself prefer traditional Vietnamese archiecture. The modern buildings feel constrained and unnatural to me. 

I think the best option among the three for my family is a spacious suburban single-family home which comes with a backyard. There are several reasons for my choice. To begin with, living near an urban area has many advantages. It's easier to get groceries, it's good for recreational and educational purpose. I have a younger sister and I want her to have a good learning environment. I live in a family of four, which is not very big, but who doesn't want to live in a spacious house? A bigger house means more space to do stuff, which is always a good thing. Having a backyard is also a huge plus. I can play sports with my family or exercising there. An apartment in a high-rise building and a rural cottage surrounded by nature are both good options. However, I don't really like city environment. It's too noisy and busy to my liking. Besides, staying in a high-rise building makes it harder to escape when a fire breaks out. Staying in the countryside is quiet and peaceful, but there aren't many things to do there. For the reasons listed above, I think that a sururban house is the perfect choice for me. 